add extra content to ssl certs intro (#351)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/ssl-certs.adoc

In order for SSL authentication to work correctly, the client must trust the root CA.
This means that the root CA must be installed on every client.

The default method of SSL authentication is for {productname} to use self-signed certificates.
In this case, {productname} has generated all the certificates, and the root CA has signed the server certificate directly.

An alternative method is to use an intermediate CA.
In this case, the root CA signs the intermediate CA.
The intermediate CA can then sign any number of other intermediate CAs, and the final one signs the server certificate.
This is referred to as a chained certificate.

If you are using intermediate CAs in a chained certificate, the root CA is installed on the client, and the server certificate is installed on the server.
During the SSL handshake, clients must be able to verify the entire chain of intermediate certificates between the root CA and the server certificate, so they must be able to access all the intermediate certificates.

There are two main ways of achieving this.
In {productname}, by default, all the intermediate CAs are installed on the client.

> However, you could also install them on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, you could also configure your services on the server to provide them to the client.
```

By default, {productname} uses a self-signed certificate.
If you have certificates signed by a third party CA, you can import them to your {productname} installation.

== SSL Certificates in {productname}
// I'm adding this as a separate section for now, to make this easier, but I think we can probably merge these two sections together. --LKB 2020-06-29

Every {productname} Server that uses SSL requires an SSL server certificate.

> Your server certificate is stored using the ``SERVER_CERT`` environment variable.

Reviewer: We need to take care that the context of this chapter is correct.
Otherwise nobody understand about what environment variables we talk here.

AFAIK this is only used for the setup at new installations. For the process of replacing certs, we have commandline options which are named similar but not exactly the same.

Author: Heh, of course :roll_eyes:

Reviewer: Maybe we should name both. First would be to express that the variable contain a path to the file.

```suggestion
Provide the path to the server certificate either in the environment variable ``SERVER_CERT`` during setup or with ``--from-server-cert`` when using rhn-ssl-tool directly.
```

Similar for `CA_CERT` and `--from-ca-cert` .

Every client that uses SSL to register to the {productname} Server checks that it is connecting to the right server by validating against the server certificate.
This process is called an SSL handshake.

During the SSL handshake, the client will check that the hostname in the server certificate matches.
The client also needs to check if the server certificate is trusted.
To do this, it looks for the issuer of the server certificate.

Certificate authorities (CAs) are certificates that are used to sign other certificates.
The root CA is a special kind of CA that is signed with itself.
When you look at the details of a root CA, you will see that the subject has the same value as the issuer.
Your root CA certificate is stored using the ``CA_CERT`` environment variable.

In order for SSL authentication to work correctly, the client must trust the root CA.
This means that the root CA must be installed on every client.

The default method of SSL authentication is for {productname} to use self-signed certificates.
In this case, {productname} has generated all the certificates, and the root CA has signed the server certificate directly.

An alternative method is to use an intermediate CA.

> In this case, the intermediate CA signs the root CA.

Reviewer: I think the oposite. The Root CA signs the Intermediate CA and the Intermediate CA signs other iCA and finally the last one signs the server certificate.

Author: Ah yeah, my bad.

The intermediate CA can then sign any number of other intermediate CAs, one of which can sign the server certificate.
This is referred to as a chained certificate.

> If you are using intermediate CAs in a chained certificate, the root CA is installed on the client, and during the SSL handshake, the server presents the server certificate.

Reviewer: While this is correct and a prefered way, SUSE Manager does it different.
As the setup tools are not written for iCAs we do a trick and install all CAs as trusted on the clients.
In this case the server does not present the chain to the client.

Reviewer: Oh, i just see, that this is written 2 sections below.
So we should this rephrase as a typical way to configure this.

Author: The way I read this is that the client has the root CA, the server has the server cert, and we haven't yet defined where the intermediate certs are. Then we discuss that they can be either on the client or on the server.

Author: reworded slightly. let me know if that's better or not.
